Docs gppkg (#16109)
greenplum-db/gpdb: gpdb-doc/markdown/utility_guide/ref/gppkg.html.md

    |query_option|Returns|
    |-------------|-------|
    |`--exact`|The provided `<package_name_string>` must match exactly a package name|
    |`--detail`|Provide detailed information about the package|
    |`--verify`|Verify the package installation|
    |`--local`|Do not query at cluster level|

remove <package_name> [<command_options>]
:    Uninstall the specified package from the cluster. 

upgrade <package_name> [<command_options>]
:    Upgrade an existing package. Do a fresh install if the package does not exist.

sync [<command_options>]
:    Reconcile the package state of the cluster to match the state of the master host. Running this option after a failed or partial install/uninstall ensures that the package installation state is consistent across the cluster.

## <a id="options"></a>Global Options 

--cluster_info <cluster_info>
:   Use this option when Greenplum Database is not running. The input file `<cluster_info>` contains information about the database cluster. You may generate the file by running the following command:

    ```

>     psql postgres -Xc 'select dbid, content, role, preferred_role, mode, status, hostname, address, port, datadir from gp_segment_configuration order by content, preferred_role desc;' | sed -n '3,7p' | tr -d " " > cluster_info

Reviewer: Hi, there's a problem with this script and we've fixed it.

```suggestion
    psql postgres -Xc 'select dbid, content, role, preferred_role, mode, status, hostname, address, port, datadir from gp_segment_configuration order by content, preferred_role desc;' | head -n-2 | tail -n+3 | tr -d " " > cluster_info
```

    ```

-a | --accept 
:   Do not prompt the user for confirmation.

-d | --dryrun     
:   Run a simulation for the command, without modifying anything.

-f | --force
:   Skip all requirement checks and overwrite existing files.

-h | --help
:   Display the online help.

-V | --version
:   Display the version of this utility.

-v | --verbose
:   Set the logging level to verbose.

## <a id="examples"></a>Examples

Install the Greenplum Database PL/Java extension:

```

> gppkg install /tmp/pljava-2.0.7-gp7-rhel8_x86_64.gppkg 

Reviewer 2: currently, there has a bug. if the package is under /tmp will install failure.

can we use `./pljava-2.0.7-gp7-rhel8_x86_64.gppkg` to avoid the bug-reproducing guide？
